---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protomesh_gateway_policy Resource - protomesh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines a gateway policy
---

# protomesh_gateway_policy (Resource)

Defines a gateway policy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource (display name)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace in the resource store
- `policy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Node specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))
- `resource_id` (String) A valid UUID for the resource

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version_index` (Number) Resource version index (unix timestamp in seconds)
- `version_sha256_sum` (String) Current version sha256 sum

<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- `handlers` (Block List) Handlers are the handlers to invoke when the source matches.  Each result of each handler is passed to the next handler.  When an error occurs, the error is returned to the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--handlers))
- `lambda_stream_signal_header_key` (String) This field specifies which header or gRPC incoming metadata key to use  to determine if the handler should be invoked.  It uses the PubSub drivers from protomesh.
- `source` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--source))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--handlers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.handlers`

Optional:

- `handler` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.handlers.handler`

Optional:

- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.handlers.handler.aws`

Optional:

- `handler` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws--handler))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws--handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.handlers.handler.aws.handler`

Optional:

- `lambda` (Block List, Max: 1) Lambda function handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws--handler--lambda))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--handlers--handler--aws--handler--lambda"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.handlers.handler.aws.handler.lambda`

Optional:

- `function_name` (String) Lambda function name or ARN.
- `qualifier` (String) Version name of Lambda (default $LATEST).






<a id="nestedblock--policy--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.source`

Optional:

- `grpc` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--source--grpc))
- `http` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--source--http))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--source--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.source.grpc`

Optional:

- `exact_method_name_match` (Boolean) If true, the method name must match exactly.  Otherwise, the method name must match using the prefix match semantics (Radix Tree match longest operation).
- `method_name` (String) Full method name of the gRPC method (/my.package.GrpcService/GrpcMethod).


<a id="nestedblock--policy--source--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.source.http`

Optional:

- `exact_path_match` (Boolean) If true, the path must match exactly.  Otherwise, the path must match using the prefix match semantics (Radix Tree match longest operation).
- `method` (String) HTTP method to match against the URL.  If you speicify HTT_METHOD_UNDEFINED, the method is not considered when  matching.
- `path` (String) Path to match against the URL.


