---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protomesh_http_ingress Resource - protomesh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTP Ingress (a.k.a reverse proxy). Usually this ingress is the upstream of a network load balancer.
---

# protomesh_http_ingress (Resource)

HTTP Ingress (a.k.a reverse proxy). Usually this ingress is the upstream of a network load balancer.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource (display name)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace in the resource store
- `node` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Node specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node))
- `resource_id` (String) A valid UUID for the resource

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version_index` (Number) Resource version index (unix timestamp in seconds)
- `version_sha256_sum` (String) Current version sha256 sum

<a id="nestedblock--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node`

Optional:

- `http_filters` (Block List) Http filters to apply to the ingress listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters))
- `ingress_name` (String) Ingress name (used as route config name for the route specifier).
- `listen_port` (Number) Ingress port to listen for incoming requests.
- `xds_cluster_name` (String) XDS cluster name: must be the same of the envoy config to be matched by  xDS server.

<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters`

Optional:

- `filter` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter))

<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter`

Optional:

- `cors` (Block List, Max: 1) Cors filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--cors))
- `grpc_web` (Block List, Max: 1) grpc-web filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--grpc_web))
- `health_check` (Block List, Max: 1) Health check filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--health_check))
- `jwt_authn` (Block List, Max: 1) JWT Authentication filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn))

<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.cors`


<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--grpc_web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.grpc_web`


<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.health_check`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is equivalent to check the 'path' header in the HTTP request.  Usually this is set to '/healthz'.


<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn`

Optional:

- `providers` (Block List) List of providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers))
- `rules` (Block List) List of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn.providers`

Required:

- `forward` (Boolean) Forward the JWT token to the upstream.
- `issuer` (String) Specify the principal that issued the JWT, usually a URL or an email address.  It is optional. If specified, it has to match the iss field in JWT, otherwise the JWT iss field is not checked.
- `provider_name` (String) Provider name to be used in the rules for matching requests.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT audiences are allowed to access.  A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted.  If not specified, will not check audiences in the token.
- `claim_to_headers` (Block List) Add JWT claim to HTTP Header Specify the claim name you want to  copy in which HTTP header. For examples, following config:  The claim must be of type; string, int, double, bool.  Array type claims are not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--claim_to_headers))
- `from_headers` (Block List) Define where to extract the JWT from an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--from_headers))
- `remote_jwks` (Block List, Max: 1) JWKS can be fetched from remote server via HTTP/HTTPS.  This field specifies the remote HTTP URI and how the fetched JWKS should be cached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--remote_jwks))

<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn.providers.claim_to_headers`

Optional:

- `claim_name` (String) ClaimName is the claim in the JWT token to acquire the value.
- `header_name` (String) HeaderName is the header name to put the acquired value.


<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn.providers.from_headers`

Required:

- `header_name` (String) This is the header name to get the JWT. Example: 'Authorization'
- `value_prefix` (String) ValuePrefix specifies a prefix in the value before the JWT token to be removed.  Example: 'Bearer '


<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--providers--remote_jwks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn.providers.remote_jwks`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String)
- `http_uri` (String)

Optional:

- `timeout` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--node--http_filters--filter--jwt_authn--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.http_filters.filter.jwt_authn.rules`

Optional:

- `match_prefix` (String) When the path parameter matches the specified prefixes.
- `required_providers_names` (List of String) Then it's required that the JWT token signature is valid for at least one of  the following providers referenced by its name.


