---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protomesh_process_trigger Resource - protomesh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Process trigger is an instruction for Protomesh worker to keep a Temporal Workflow running.
---

# protomesh_process_trigger (Resource)

Process trigger is an instruction for Protomesh worker to keep a Temporal Workflow running.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource (display name)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace in the resource store
- `process` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Node specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process))
- `resource_id` (String) A valid UUID for the resource

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version_index` (Number) Resource version index (unix timestamp in seconds)
- `version_sha256_sum` (String) Current version sha256 sum

<a id="nestedblock--process"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the workflow to trigger.

Optional:

- `arguments` (Block List, Max: 1) A list of arguments to pass to workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process--arguments))
- `cron_schedule` (String) Optional cron schedule for workflow. If a cron schedule is specified, the  workflow will run as a cron based on the schedule. The scheduling will be  based on UTC time. Schedule for next run only happen after the current run  is completed/failed/timeout. If a RetryPolicy is also supplied, and the  workflow failed or timeout, the workflow will be retried based on the retry  policy. While the workflow is retrying, it won't schedule its next run. If  next schedule is due while workflow is running (or retrying), then it will  skip that schedule. Cron workflow will not stop until it is terminated or  canceled (by returning temporal.CanceledError). The cron spec is as  following: ┌───────────── minute (0 - 59) │ ┌───────────── hour (0 - 23) │  │ ┌───────────── day of the month (1 - 31) │ │ │ ┌───────────── month (1 -  12) │ │ │ │ ┌───────────── day of the week (0 - 6) (Sunday to Saturday) │ │  │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │  * * * * *
- `execution_timeout` (String) The end to end timeout for the child workflow execution including retries  and continue as new.  Optional: defaults to unlimited.
- `id_prefix` (String) Static ID prefix.
- `id_suffix` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process--id_suffix))
- `if_running` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process--if_running))
- `on_drop` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process--on_drop))
- `retry_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) RetryPolicy specify how to retry child workflow if error happens.  Optional: default is no retry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--process--retry_policy))
- `run_timeout` (String) The timeout for a single run of the child workflow execution. Each retry or  continue as new should obey this timeout. Use WorkflowExecutionTimeout to  specify how long the parent is willing to wait for the child completion.  Optional: defaults to WorkflowExecutionTimeout
- `task_queue` (String) Task queue on temporal to send workflow tasks.
- `task_timeout` (String) Maximum execution time of a single Workflow Task. In the majority of cases  there is no need to change this timeout. Note that this timeout is not  related to the overall Workflow duration in any way. It defines for how  long the Workflow can get blocked in the case of a Workflow Worker crash.  Default is 10 seconds. Maximum value allowed by the Temporal Server is 1  minute.

<a id="nestedblock--process--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process.arguments`

Optional:

- `value` (String) Any valid JSON value, as number, boolean, null, quoted string, array or struct. See https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/blob/main/src/google/protobuf/struct.proto for more information.


<a id="nestedblock--process--id_suffix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process.id_suffix`

Optional:

- `exact_id_suffix` (String) Use this exact id for the workflow id.
- `id_suffix_builder` (String) ID builder to use to generate the suffix.


<a id="nestedblock--process--if_running"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process.if_running`

Optional:

- `if_running_action` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--process--on_drop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process.on_drop`

Optional:

- `on_drop_action` (String) On drop action.


<a id="nestedblock--process--retry_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `process.retry_policy`

Optional:

- `initial_interval` (String)
- `maximum_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of attempts. When exceeded the retries stop even if not  expired yet. If not set or set to 0, it means unlimited, and rely on  activity ScheduleToCloseTimeout to stop.
- `maximum_backoff` (String) Maximum backoff interval between retries. Exponential backoff leads to  interval increase. This value is the cap of the interval. Default is 100x  of initial interval.
- `non_retryable_errors` (List of String) Non-Retriable errors. This is optional. Temporal server will stop retry  if error type matches this list. Note:   - cancellation is not a failure, so it won't be retried,   - only StartToClose or Heartbeat timeouts are retryable.


