---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protomesh_routing_policy Resource - protomesh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines how the HTTP Ingress routes requests to services.
---

# protomesh_routing_policy (Resource)

Defines how the HTTP Ingress routes requests to services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource (display name)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace in the resource store
- `node` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Node specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node))
- `resource_id` (String) A valid UUID for the resource

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version_index` (Number) Resource version index (unix timestamp in seconds)
- `version_sha256_sum` (String) Current version sha256 sum

<a id="nestedblock--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node`

Optional:

- `cors` (Block List, Max: 1) Cors policy to apply in this routing policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--cors))
- `domain` (String) Domain to match (you can use wildcard domains).
- `ingress_name` (String) Ingress name to match this routing policy.
- `routes` (Block List) Routes in this routing policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node--routes))
- `xds_cluster_name` (String) XDS cluster name: must be the same of the envoy config to be matched by  xDS server

<a id="nestedblock--node--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.cors`

Optional:

- `allow_headers` (List of String) Specifies the content for the access-control-allow-headers header.
- `allow_methods` (List of String) Specifies the content for the access-control-allow-methods header.
- `allow_origin_string_match_prefix` (List of String) Specifies string patterns that match allowed origins. An origin is allowed if any of the string matchers match.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) Specifies the content for the access-control-expose-headers header.
- `max_age` (Number) Specifies the content for the access-control-max-age header.


<a id="nestedblock--node--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node.routes`

Optional:

- `match_prefix` (String) Path prefix in the request to match.
- `target_service` (String) Target service name when this route matches.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout to connect to service in this route.


